Add feature flags to issue-details page and launchdarkly integration documentation (#11749)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/index.mdx

![Session Replay](./img/issue-replay.png)

## Feature Flags
There are two types of integrations you can configure to integrate feature flag data into your error events.

The first integration type is **flag evaluation tracking** within the Sentry SDK. To enable it, update the Sentry SDK's `init` method to include one of our supported feature flag integrations. Support varies by language and by provider. Doing so will give you access to the feature flag table, which shows any flags that were evaluated after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred. You will see rows of (flag, evaluation-result) pairs. Supported integrations include:

* LaunchDarkly ([Python](/platforms/python/integrations/launchdarkly/) and [JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/integrations/launchdarkly/))
* OpenFeature ([Python](/platforms/python/integrations/openfeature/) and [JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/integrations/openfeature/))

> The second integration type is **feature flag change tracking**. This will enable a timeline of feature flag definition changes on the event and user volume chart. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is related to a new issue. To enable this type of integration, please visit the documentation page of one of our supported providers:

Reviewer: we should list the providers and the links here!

Reviewer: we might even want to add sentry docs on how to do it too

Reviewer: or at the very least, we should link to a spot where we have a full list of providers (an index page, when we create one, would make sense)

Reviewer: PR is out for the index page: https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/11969

can link to `/product/explore/feature-flags/#set-up-your-integration-specific-webhook` for the full list of providers

Reviewer: or `/product/explore/feature-flags/#setup` for the full setup info!

![Session Replay](./img/issue-replay.png)

## Feature Flags

> If you’ve enabled a feature flag integration in your SDK you’ll have access to the feature flag table. If any flags were captured after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occured the table will contain rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you’ve enabled a feature flag integration in your SDK you’ll have access to the feature flag table. If any flags were captured after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred, the table will contain rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.
```

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flags.png)

A timeline of suspect flags is also available if you've enabled at least one flag-audit-log integration.

> !TODO! To enable a flag audit log click this button for the popup. Afterwards copy paste your web hook URL into the service provider. !TODO!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!TODO! To enable a flag audit log click this button for the popup. Afterwards copy paste your web hook URL into the service provider. !TODO!
```

I'm guessing this should be a comment?

![Session Replay](./img/issue-replay.png)

## Feature Flags

> If you’ve enabled a feature flag integration in your SDK you’ll have access to the feature flag table. If any flags were captured after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred, the table will contain rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.

Reviewer 3: needs link to the sdk setup instructions here

Author: We'd have to assume a language.  E.g. link to the Python set up instructions.

Author: I'm wondering if the CTA and fly out can accommodate this better?

> If you’ve enabled a feature flag integration in your SDK you’ll have access to the feature flag table. If any flags were captured after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred, the table will contain rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.

Reviewer 3: There are two types of integrations you can configure to integrate feature flag data into your error events.

The first is to configure runtime feature flag evaluation tracking in the sentry SDK. Doing this will give you access to the feature flag table which shows any flags that were evaluated after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred. You will see rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.

The second is to configure feature flag change tracking. This will enable a timeline of feature flag changes inside the releases graph. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is related to a new issue.

When both of these integration are enabled you will also see suspect feature flags highlighted inside the feature flag table. Feature flags are suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the initial detection of a new issue. Suspect feature flags are displayed are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flags.png)

> A timeline of feature flag changes is displayed in the releases graph. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is responsible for a new bug report.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you've also enabled an integration with your feature-flag provider (either as a webhook or [the other style]) a timeline of feature flag changes will be displayed in the releases graph. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is responsible for a new bug report.
```

![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-timeline.png)

> Additionally, feature flag definition changes can be flagged as suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the creation of an error event. Suspect feature flags are displayed are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, with both integrations (sdk and provider) feature flag definition changes can be flagged as suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the creation of an error event. Suspect feature flags are displayed are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.
```

![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-table.png)

To enable suspect feature flags and feature flag change annotations, click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table and follow the instructions. Provider specific instructions are provided by clicking the "Read Docs" button.

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flag-modal.png)

To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.

> * [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/)

Reviewer 3: This is docs for "suspect tags" integration on the launch-darkly website.

We also need to link to the "Sentry SDK" config, which confusingly also uses the name `LaunchDarklyIntegration`. Those docs are at https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/integrations/launchdarkly/

Author: Updated the link to point to the "Change Tracking Integration" heading on that page.

> To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.
> 
> * [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To learn more about enabling the feature flag timeline evaluation context, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.

* [LaunchDarkly](/integrations/launchdarkly/)

To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.

* [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/)
```

![Session Replay](./img/issue-replay.png)

## Feature Flags
There are two types of integrations you can configure to integrate feature flag data into your error events.

> The first type is flag evaluation tracking within the Sentry SDK. To enable it, update the Sentry SDK's "init" method to include one of our supported feature flag integrations. Support varies by language and by provider. Doing so will give you access to the feature flag table which shows any flags that were evaluated after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred. You will see rows of flag, evaluation-result pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first type is **flag evaluation tracking** within the Sentry SDK. To enable it, update the Sentry SDK's `init` method to include one of our supported feature flag integrations. Support varies by language and by provider. Doing so will give you access to the feature flag table, which shows any flags that were evaluated after the Sentry SDK's initialization and before the error event occurred. You will see rows of (flag, evaluation-result) pairs.
```

> The second type is feature flag change tracking. This will enable a timeline of feature flag definition changes inside the releases graph. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is related to a new issue. To enable this type of integration, please visit the documentation page of one of our supported providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second type is **feature flag change tracking**. This will enable a timeline of feature flag definition changes on the event and user volume chart on the Issue Details page. These annotations can help you diagnose when a feature flag change is related to a new issue. To enable this type of integration, please visit the documentation page of one of our supported providers:
```

* [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/#change-tracking-integration)

When both integrations are enabled, you'll also see suspect feature flags highlighted in yellow in the feature flag table. Feature flags are marked as "suspect" if they're modified suspiciously close to the detection of a new issue.

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flags.png)

> A timeline of feature flag changes is displayed in the releases graph. It can help you diagnose when a feature flag change has triggered a new bug report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A timeline of feature flag changes is displayed in the event and user volume chart. It can help you diagnose when a feature flag change has triggered a new error.
```

![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-timeline.png)

> Additionally, feature flag definition changes can be flagged as suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the creation of an error event. Suspect feature flags are displayed are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, feature flag definition changes can be flagged as suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the creation of an error event. Suspect feature flags are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.
```

![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-table.png)

To enable suspect feature flags and feature flag change annotations, click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table and follow the instructions. If you need more specific instructions, click the "Read Docs" button.

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flag-modal.png)

> To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.

Reviewer 3: some redundant stuff in here

> 
> Additionally, feature flag definition changes can be flagged as suspect when their modification occurs suspiciously close to the creation of an error event. Suspect feature flags are displayed are given a yellow highlight within the feature flag table.
> 
> ![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-table.png)
> 
> To enable suspect feature flags and feature flag change annotations, click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table and follow the instructions. Provider specific instructions are provided by clicking the "Read Docs" button.
> 
> ![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flag-modal.png)
> 
> To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.
> 
> * [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/#change-tracking-integration)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

Additionally, feature flag definition changes may be flagged as "suspect" if they're modified shortly before an error event occurs. Suspect feature flags are highlighted in yellow within the feature flag table.

![Feature Flags](./img/suspect-flags-table.png)

To enable suspect feature flags and feature flag change annotations, click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table and follow the instructions. If you need more specific instructions, click the "Read Docs" button.

![Feature Flags](./img/feature-flag-modal.png)

To learn more about enabling feature flag change tracking, visit the documentation for one of the supported providers below.

* [LaunchDarkly](/organization/integrations/feature-flag/launchdarkly/#change-tracking-integration)
```
